I'm going to show you how to crush
garlic by hand and all you need is a
good large chopping knife you don't need
a garlic crusher so I'm going to start
with a whole bulb of garlic and the way
you get your separate cloves from the
bulb is to just give it a good squish
with the weight your body and they
should fall apart like that so that's
really easy then we're going to take one
of the cloves put it flat side down on
the board and then using your knife and
again using the weight of your body be
careful not to touch the sharp side of
the knife just on the flat edge squish
down and crush it like that and that is
the simplest way to take the skin from
the clove so let's just peel those bits
of paper you skin away here we go the
next step is to give it a chop so chop
it quite finely you haven't got to be
too panicky to get how you do this once
you've got it chopped roughly you can
move your knife across and chop it a
little bit finer and it's easiest if you
use the heel of the knife which is this
part do this job okay now what I'm going
to do now is work it into a paste and
the best tool to help me do this is some
sea salt so I'm going to take quite a
good pinch of salt sprinkle that on top
if you don't have sea salt table salt is
just as good and I'm going to use the
flat of my knife I'm just going to
scrape down pressing quite hard onto the
work surface or chopping board go and
again
keep collecting the garlic back back
into little pile scrape down again and
after a few goes you should be left with
a fairly smooth paste there we go there
you have one very easily crushed garlic
clove from scratch
you